[Applause]
[Music]
mr. president mrs. Reagan during the
past few weeks over and over again so
many members of the White House staff
have asked for a chance as a group to
say so long and job well done
so today the staff has gathered for the
last time to thank you both for the
opportunity and the privilege of helping
as you have sought to both change a
nation and change the world
you both have exceeded in both endeavors
[Applause]
for most Americans the president and the
first lady are two people they see on
television or read about the newspapers
and magazines and the White House is a
place that is the symbol of American
leadership at home and abroad
you have given all of us the honor of
being here with you up close to help
them the challenges you faced you've
allowed us to play a role in the history
of our great country we have had a
chance to help you frame the options
just as we have helped help you promote
your policies schedule your trips and
bring your unique message to the
American people mr. president mrs.
Reagan you both have made America proud
again and respected throughout the world
I know mr. president for the longest
time you've been looking for the guy
who's been telling you where to go what
to do every 15 minutes of the day well
mr. president there were a lot of those
individuals and frankly they're all
standing before you today on a serious
note you've allowed us to be part of
your lives and you are very much a part
of ours we will cherish the trust you
have given us and the warmth you have
shown us you have our respect and our
thanks but you also have our affection
as well as our love for all of us who
have served on your staff being part of
your administration is the highest honor
of our lives it was a labor of love that
came from the heart some have had that
honor longer than others mr. president
mrs. Reagan I would like to call on Joan
decane director of the presidential
comments and greetings office an
original plank owner of your
administration having been on board
since January 20th 1981 she is among the
wrong serving members of the president's
White House staff and she has a
presentation on behalf of all of us mr.
president for you
[Applause]
mr. president I know I speak for all my
fellow staff members when I ask you to
please accept this gift as a token of
our affection we hope one and all of us
that you will help you remember us when
you're out there in God's country with
one of those horses we know you'll be
riding thanks on behalf of all the staff
for all you've done for us we'll miss
you terribly we wish you good health
good life lots of fun and God's
blessings thank you sir
[Applause]
have a real problem they just took the
stitches out
[Applause]
although
thank you very much and when I get home
I understand that the Canadian Mounted
Police are delivering a horse and this
will take care of that oh thank you very
much now I'd like to ask another
original plank owner Alain Crispin to
come forward and present mrs. gig Reagan
with a gift from the staff
[Applause]
if anyone noticed mrs. Reagan's look she
knows I'm not going to get through it
we've tried those things before and
originally I had prepared a long list of
accomplishments everything from
restoring this grand old house and
making us proud of the residents of it
and the place itself two million
children that just say no to drugs
because of you and everything that goes
between it but there isn't time and I
wouldn't get through it
so instead as the person that hasn't
allowed you to keep any secrets in the
last four years I'm presenting you your
gift from the staff and letting you know
as you open it what's inside it's a
wonderful little box for your collection
of boxes but it's very special because
it's crammed full of love and hugs you
can share and it has a bit of magic to
it because no matter how many times you
open the box take out a little hug from
us it will always replenish itself
because we aren't going to forget you
we'll always be thinking of you and that
love will come across the miles and
always be in there so you can just open
it see us give us a hug
and they're there for you
but see actually I didn't finish because
we've been proud to call you our first
lady or Nancy or that taxi driver in New
York said a real classy broad but it's
been awfully nice to call you our friend
[Music]
and finally mr. president mrs. Reagan we
knew you would not want us to leave out
Rex so we have a gift for Rex
it was hand-built by the Navy Seabees at
Camp David in the last few days and it
is carpeted with some of the carpet from
a stand lodge we wanted Rex to feel
right at home now there will always be a
Rex in the White House
[Applause]
[Music]
what your house already
[Applause]
[Music]
mr. president mrs. Reagan thank you for
what you have done for our country our
world and for each of us
good luck and may God bless both of you
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you thank you all and not alone
for the gifts although they're wonderful
particularly this last one because he's
already taken over this White House I'm
glad I'm glad he's got one of his own
now and you know something he doesn't
get kicked out of it in two terms
but there aren't any words to that can
properly tell you how bittersweet these
days are and the things that we would
like to say to all of you you know I
keep remembering back and too far when
someplace along the line there would
always be a picture of a president
standing in the Oval Office
looking out the window usually the
picture from behind and he's standing
and then his words are quoted as a tag
for that picture about this is the
loneliest place as well as lonely and so
forth I don't know about them I haven't
been lonely one minute
[Applause]
[Music]
I think both of us have been aware every
minute we're here that we're surrounded
by you by others who may not be here in
this room today but here in this house
but over there in the West Wing or just
here in Washington all a part of
everything we came here to do and it
couldn't have been done without you and
we've all shared and I like to think
maybe it's kind of close to what
happened 200 years ago we were all
revolutionaries and the revolution has
been a success but there just aren't any
aren't enough words to thank you for all
that you've meant to all of us and how
hard it is to say goodbye to to all of
you but as I say the only thing we that
can makes it bearable at all is to
remember all that you did and how how
much of a team we did become and god
bless you all and as I say there just
aren't words enough to express our
appreciation to all of you thank you and
god bless you
[Applause]
[Music]
I like I said I should say something but
I'll never get through it see okay thank
you I think the band was going to play
something
[Music]
sure
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]